Fully document External Data (#73)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/enterprise/external-data.mdx

---
title: External Data Sources
sidebar_label: External Data
description: Extend your authorization policies with data from external sources.
---

> Pomerium Enterprise Console's external data feature allows you to poll data from sources other than your identity provider (**IdP**) to base policy decisions on. Pomerium provides several data sources as examples, but we encourage you to create (and share with the community) your own integrations to expand your data-driven policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pomerium Enterprise Console's external data feature allows you to poll data from sources other than your identity provider (**IdP**) to make context-aware policy decisions. Pomerium provides several data sources as examples, but we encourage you to create (and share with the community) your own integrations to expand your data-driven policies.
```

Ninja edit to include keyword "Context-aware" and remove dangling proposition
